---
layout: page
title: Landmarking with reduced sample size in MSK ultrasound imaging
description: Supervised by Prof. Pascal Tyrrell, undergraduate research project.
img: assets/img/landmarking_raw.png
importance: 5
category: work
---

<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/landmarking_raw" title="Raw Image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>

Landmarking is used in computer visions to position users in the correct view. For medical 
images, knowing the position of major anatomical structures can give the user a better 
understanding and more confidence in their medical scan. However, to train landmarking 
algorithms, a large dataset of well-annotated images is often required, which can cause a 
problem especially in medical imaging due to the cost of time and the need for experts. In this project, we aim to reduce the reliance on labelled images by applying a semi-supervised learning algorithm for landmarking in Musculoskeletal (MSK) ultrasound images for the knee. 

Shown above is the ultrasound images that we worked on, and the ground-truth (boxes) are generated by myself and other lab members after consulting an expert.

We trained a semi-supervised model [Unbiased-Teacher](https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.09480) and compared it with a state-of-the-art supervised model [YOLOv5](https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov5). We concluded that under limited labelled data for landmarking MSK ultrasound images, while both models have low accuracy, the semi-supervised algorithm has an advantage over the supervised algorithm. The below shows an example of the ground-truth, Unbiased-Teacher, and YOLOv5 on the same image.

<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/landmarking_GT.png" title="GT" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/landmarking_UT.jpg" title="Unbiased-Teacher" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/landmarking_yolo.png" title="YOLO" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>

Considering the difficulty in obtaining labels in medical scans, the semi-supervised algorithm is likely to be a better fit.

This was my first research experience in the computer science + medical field. Very grateful to having the opportunity and I would like to thank professor Tyrrell, Majid, Mauro, and Atsuhiro for their guidance and feedback throughout! 

